Node.js 107: setImmediate function (#1902)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: content/roadmaps/107-nodejs/content/104-nodejs-async-programming/107-set-immediate.md

> # Set immediate
> 
> The `setImmediate` function delays the execution of a function to be called after the current event loops finishes all its execution. It's very simmilar to calling `setTimeout` with 0 ms of delay.
> 
> It works like this:
> 
> `setImmediate(func, param0, param1, /* … ,*/ paramN)`
> 
> Where:
> 
> - `func` is the function to be delayed
> - `param0, param1, ..., paramN` are the parameters the `func` function receives
> 
> <ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
> 
> <BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/setImmediate'>Understanding setImmediate</BadgeLink>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# setImmediate

The `setImmediate` function delays the execution of a function to be called after the current event loops finish all their execution. It's very similar to calling `setTimeout` with 0 ms delay.

<ResourceGroupTitle>Free Content</ResourceGroupTitle>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/Window/setImmediate'>Understanding setImmediate</BadgeLink>
<BadgeLink colorScheme='yellow' badgeText='Read' href='https://nodejs.dev/en/learn/understanding-setimmediate/'>Understanding setImmediate</BadgeLink>
```
